[camera] CameraPlatform.createCameraWithSettings (#3615)
flutter/packages: packages/camera/camera_platform_interface/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.6.0

> * Adds support to control video fps and bitrate. See `CameraController.withSettings`.

Reviewer: nit: This should reference the method added to the interface.
```suggestion
* Adds support to control video fps and bitrate. See `CameraPlatform.createCameraWithSettings`.
```
